# October dates

## Instructions

Find a slot that says "unassigned" and seems suitable. Edit the file
to include your name and whatever details you care to give about your
problem -- if you can include a twitter handle or some other means of
contacting you, that'd be great, since sometimes I may have to cancel
last minute. Open a PR.

Note: in the PR, feel free to include alternative dates that would
work for you. In the event of a merge conflict, I may pick one of
those secondary dates.

## Dates

**Monday, Oct 1.**

Level: Beginner
Time: 10 - 10:30 (UTC-4)

Available.

**Monday, Oct 8.**

Level: Any
Time: 10 - 10:30 (UTC-4)

Available.

**Wednesday, Oct 10.**

Level: Beginner
Time: 16:30 - 17:00 (UTC-4)

Available.

**Monday, Oct 15.**

Level: Beginner
Time: 10 - 10:30 (UTC-4)

Yarrow (John Fritz) - Lifetimes and `fn iter` or `fn into_iter` in trait definitions<br/>
Email: yarrow.angelweed@gmail.com<br/>
Twitter: @YarrowAngelweed

**Wednesday, Oct 17.**

Level: Any
Time: 16:30 - 17:00 (UTC-4)

Alec Mocatta – Combining HRTBs with associated types<br/>
(preferred) Email: alec@mocatta.net<br/>
Discord: alecmocatta#8569<br/>
Twitter: [@alecmocatta](https://twitter.com/alecmocatta)

**Monday, Oct 22.**

Level: Any
Time: 10 - 10:30 (UTC-4)

Sergey Galich - using traits to abstract data storage for use in code and unit tests. There is a folder with JSON/binary files, which can be updated by app. We want to write unit tests to verify updating/merging changes to that folder, but without actually touching the disk (like in memory database).
Email: sergey.galich@gmail.com


**Monday, Oct 29.**

Level: Intermediate
Time: 10 - 10:30 (UTC-4)

Frederik De Bleser<br>
(preferred) email: frederik@debleser.bebr>
Twitter: [@enigmeta](https://twitter.com/enigmeta)

I'm looking for some design help in converting a visual programming application ([NodeBox](https://www.nodebox.net/node/)) from Java to Rust. Here are some concrete questions:

* How do we efficiently work with directed acyclic graphs? How do we structure lifetimes around it?
* How can we use WebAssembly to run the core on the web?
* How do we handle FFI, both on desktop and on the web?
* How do we provide a UI for this? In Java I use Swing, should we use Qt, Electron or something else?

I have built some applications (including a NES emulator) in Rust already so I'm fairly familiar with the language, although I often still struggle with lifetimes and ownership.






